So that is enough of a refresher. I could dive way deeper into Angular but this is not an Angular course.
I hope we're now on the same page regarding the basics
and if this was brand new for you, you need to take a dedicated course as well.
I hope
I just refreshed your knowledge. Now Angular offers way more and there also is more you could refresh.
Definitely dive into the official docs if there is anything which is still unclear
to learn more about the architecture, how you can handle user inputs, how you can handle forms in a more
complex way with validation and everything, more about dependency injection, about observables and
rxjs,
everything is covered here or of course, take a dedicated resource like my complete guide on Angular
which takes you from novice to advanced Angular user in a very packed and in-depth way,
so definitely check this out as well if you want to learn more about Angular. I hope the basics are set
again now and with that, let's now proceed with the core of this course which is using Angular but which
is not just about Angular.